Privacy Policy
Welcome to the "Monster Growth House" Privacy Policy. Your privacy is paramount to us, and we are dedicated to safeguarding the personal information you entrust to us while engaging in our game.
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. This Privacy Policy is managed by Privacy Policy Generator.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
1. Information We Collect
When you register for our game, subscribe to our newsletter, or request support, we may collect personal details such as your name, email address, and other contact information.
We track your in-game activities, which include level progression, monsters collected, achievements earned, and in-game purchases to enhance your gaming experience.
We gather specific data from your device such as hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, mobile network information, IP address, and, if you do not configure your device to prevent us from collecting it, location information such as GPS coordinates.
Our game and partners may use cookies and similar technologies to facilitate your experience, remember your preferences, provide personalized content, analyze use, target advertisements, and prevent fraud. You can disable cookies in your browser settings, but some parts of the Service may not function properly.
We automatically collect information such as your device type, operating system and type, IP address, and certain unique device identifiers. We also collect the type of web browser you use, your Internet Service Provider, and details regarding the time and duration of your application usage. This information is used to enhance the services we offer and to understand how people use the application.
2.How We Use Your Information
To provide, maintain, and improve our game services, including customer support and responding to your inquiries.
To personalize your gaming experience and provide content that is tailored to your interests.
To communicate with you regarding game updates, support, promotions, and events.
To monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our game to understand our player base and improve our services.
To detect, investigate, and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protect the rights and property of "Monster Growth House" and others.
3.Sharing Your Information
We value your privacy and do not sell your personal information to third parties. However, we may share your information with:
Third-party service providers who assist us in operating the game, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
Law enforcement or other government agencies if required by law or in a good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with legal processes.
Business partners with whom we may jointly offer products or services. In such cases, we will require our partners to honor this privacy policy.
4.Your Rights
You have the right to access, update, or delete the personal information we hold about you. To exercise these rights, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
5.Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United Kingdom and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United Kingdom and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Monster Growth House will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Data Retention
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Service.
6.Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page, within the games (apps), by sending you a notification, and/or by some other means. Please note that if you've opted not to receive legal notice from us, those legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them. If you use the Services after any changes to the Privacy Policy have been posted, that means you agree to all of the changes. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.
7.Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our data practices, please contact us at oxjfjgpxgdfy@hotmail.com.