User Agreement
Acceptance of Terms
By accessing or using "Monster Growth House," you agree to be bound by this User Agreement. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use our game.
Use of the Game
You agree to use "Monster Growth House" only for lawful purposes and in a way that does not infringe upon the rights of, or restrict or inhibit the use and enjoyment of the game by any third party.
User Conduct
You agree not to engage in any conduct that would disrupt or interfere with the normal operation of the game, including cheating or using unauthorized third-party software.
Intellectual Property
All rights, title, and interest in and to "Monster Growth House," including all intellectual property rights, are owned by us or our licensors.
In-Game Purchases
The game may include the option to make in-game purchases. You are responsible for all charges incurred in connection with your account.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend your access to the game at any time, without notice, for conduct that we believe violates this Agreement or is harmful to other users of "Monster Growth House," or for any other reason.
Disclaimers
The game is provided "as is" without any warranties of any kind, either express or implied. We do not warrant that the game will be uninterrupted or error-free.
Limitation of Liability
To the fullest extent permitted by law, in no event will we be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, punitive, or consequential damages arising out of or in connection with your use of "Monster Growth House."
Governing Law
This User Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the company is established, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Changes to the User Agreement
We reserve the right to modify this User Agreement at any time. Your continued use of the game after any such changes indicates your acceptance of the new terms.
Contact Information
For any questions or concerns regarding this User Agreement, please contact us at oxjfjgpxgdfy@hotmail.com.